SUMMARY
Detail-oriented and self-driven Full Stack Engineer with a proven history in developing and building web-based solutions, maintaining and updating software products. Focus on Creating cutting-edge technologies, high quality, and efficiency leading teams of developers.

Experience

Full Stack Developer
Swiftype, San Francisco
3/2020-8/2023
Built several web apps using combinations of React, React Native, Next.js, the MERN stack and various APIs.
Developed and led the development of a fleet of new microservices to solve business problems around transactions, funding, fees, promotions, and many other domains.
Developed a Secure Rest API using NestJS and deployed it on Google Cloud Platform.
Implemented a new version of checkout to support recurring subscriptions using microservices built in Node.js and Typescript.
Built a simple DApp using Web3.js on the Ethereum network. The DApp interacts with a smart contract and has a React frontend.
Implemented an oAuth mechanism so that users can securely login using their preferred social network profile.



Full Stack Developer
Straight North, Baltimore MaryLand(MD)
1/2018-2/2020
Translated requirements and UX designs into functional front-end code, using React and MUI accurately
Produced clean, well-documented, maintainable, testable and scalable codebase on Github's functionalities-PR, revert as well.
Built a complete full-stack web application for a fintech startup using Next.js, Prisma ORM, a PostgreSQL database and Tailwind CSS.
Built from scratch an admin platform for managing the platform's database entities and usage using React, Node.js and Mongoose.

Web Developer
Fareportal, New York
11/2015-12/2017
Built and deployed internal risk management tool as a rich single page application SPA using Angular.
Developed 10 responsible modern websites for clients in a variety of industries, mostly in e-commerce
Built middleware/AP Igateways that handled external APIs. 
Designed and developed the company website using a bespoke CMS


Skills
HTML
CSS
JS/TS
React/Next
Angular
Vue/Nuxt
React Native
Tailwind CSS
Material UI
Redux
Chakra UI
Bootstrap
SQL/MySQL
Postgres
MongoDB
GraphQL
Nodejs
Express.js
NestJS
Web3.js
Solidity
Rest API
Django/Flask